---
published: true
layout: posts
title: 2023 Registration Information
tags: ["Registrations", "News"]
category: Blog
post_lead: We offer good value for money registration fees in the Football Queensland competition. Below we have published fees for all senior and junior teams and fee inlcusions.
---

Why can we do this? We can do this because we have a hard-working group of volunteers- groundsmen, cleaners, facilities operations, coaches, managers and sports trainers- who put in a huge amount of volunteer time which in turn saves enormous amounts of money for our club.

We are also fortunate to have a core group of sponsors who assist us greatly with our bottom line and thus subsidise to some extent the cost of registration.

As we enter into our ninth year as a re-birthed Football Brisbane club, we are committed to providing quality football services to our players at reasonable rates.

However, our volunteer base is not limitless. To reduce volunteer burnout, we have taken certain operating decisions which will adversely affect our profitability in 2023. To fund this gap and to accommodate increased operating costs, fees will be increased slightly this year.

**2023 Registration Fees**

- A loyalty discount of $50 is available for players who have been with the club for five years or more
- A late fee of $30 applies if full payment is not made by the end of February
- Full time tertiary students will receive a further subsidy of $50 off their fees
- Senior Mens and Womens (FQPL and Metro Leagues) - **Total Cost $580** _(includes club polo, shorts and socks)_
- Over 35s Men - **Total Cost $450** _(includes club polo, shorts and socks)_
- Junior Girls Divisional - **Total Cost $500** _(includes club polo, shorts, socks and medallion)_
- Mini Roos Under 6/7 - **Total Cost $380** _(includes playing shirt, shorts, socks and medallion)_
- Mini Roos Under 8-12 - **Total Cost $400** _(includes playing shirt, shorts, socks and medallion)_
- Mini Roos Under 13- **Total Cost $420** _(includes playing shirt, shorts, socks and medallion)_
- For Juniors/Mini Roos a sibling discount of $50 applies for each successive child
- **THERE ARE NO OTHER FEES PAYABLE!**

This covers:

- Membership of North Brisbane FC Inc.
- All FA and Football Queensland governing body fees ($164 for senior men and women, $80.50 for juniors (inc Under 13) and $64.50 for Mini Roos)
- Access to the FA Insurance Scheme
- Referee's fees for all fixtures/finals and cup games
- Supply of playing strip (juniors and MIni Roos keep their strips). You also get one pair of shorts and socks to keep.
- Club polo for you to keep or second-hand playing strip as a training shirt
- Access once a week to a qualified Physiotherapist to assess any injury and access to their clinic if follow-up treatment is required
- Sports Trainer coverage on match day to assist with strapping, massage, injury management etc. (FQPL League teams only)
- A customary post game snack at home games
- Access to training facilities and all associated equipment twice a week for the duration of the season (once a week for Metro Division teams)
- Access to highly competent coaches and their assistants for the duration of the season
- Access to the community assets of the club (clubhouse, canteen, dressing rooms, other non-playing facilities)
- Access to all the administrative services associated with being a member of a FQ community club

**Payment of Fees**  
NBFC encourages all senior players to pay their fees in full by the end of February to take advantage of the $30 discount. However, we recognise that for a number of our players, particularly university students, finding all the money up-front to pay fees can be quite a challenge. Consequently, anyone who is experiencing financial hardship, can apply to the Treasurer to enter into a payment plan. However, in order to register and be switched to Active, they must have paid at least $300 of their fee and have a payment plan in place for the balance that is owed.

All junior and Mini Roos fees must be paid prior to the first fixture game, except in exceptional circumstances where payment plans may be entered into. A sibling discount of $50 applies to each successive child that plays.

**How to Register**  
All registrations are done online. Go to the [Play Football website](https://www.playfootball.com.au) and click on register and nominate North Brisbane FC as your club. From there just follow the prompts. If you experience difficulties registering contact us via our Facebook page for further assistance.

**How to Pay**  
FQ just announced that the new Payment System called Squadi will not be used this year due to a number of issues. However, FQ have stated that they still require all governing body fees at least to be paid online via Playfootball at the time of Registration.

We are seeking clarification on how that could be done separate and distinct from the club component of the fee. Until this can be sorted out, whenever a player registers, they will be required to pay both the governing body fee and the club fee online, less the early bird discount of $30 for payments prior to 28 February. That is, the register now and pay later option (or offline payment option) is not available at the moment.

Any questions regarding registration fees and amounts please contact the [club Treasurer](/about/committee).

**Refunds**  
There are two components of the registration fee. The governing body fee and a club fee for the balance.

North Brisbane FC, like other Football Brisbane clubs, does not generally provide refunds to players unless they request de-registration prior to playing a fixture match. In these cases, a refund of the club component of the fee will be given, less a $50 administration fee and a pre-season training/playing fee of $50 per month. If merchandise (polo, shorts and socks) have already been provided the player is required to return that merchandise or have a further $50 deducted to cover that cost.

The other component of a player’s registration fee is the governing body fee. For the 2023 year, that amount is $164 for Seniors, $80.50 for Juniors and $64.50 for Mini Roos. Note that refund of this component of the registration fee is done pursuant to the FQ Refund Policy, i.e. we as a club do not have any control over that. With Squadi, all players are required to pay a minimum of $300 at the time of registration, of which the governing body fee is automatically deducted. The Refund Policy for this component of the fee can be found on the Football Queensland website:

[Football Queensland Refund Policy](https://footballqueensland.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/FQ-Refund-Policy-2020.pdf)

While players may request a refund in exceptional circumstances, essentially the policy provides that once a player has participated in any form of pre-season training and/or games, they are not entitled to a refund of the governing body fees.

**Important**  
Where a player is allowed to pay in instalments, the full amount of the registration fee is owing once the player has played at least one fixture match. Where a player decides to cease playing before the full fee is paid, the balance is still owing and payment of the debt will be pursued if necessary (ultimately at the player’s cost) through QCAT.

For any refund enquiries please contact the [club Treasurer](/about/committee).

**Volunteering and Player Expectations**  
As a smaller club, we do not mandate volunteer levies or rosters.
However, like other clubs, we are always in need of volunteers to cover a range of duties such as team managers, coaches, grounds, working bees, fundraisers etc.

The committee puts in a huge amount of volunteer work around the club but they can’t and shouldn’t always be the ones to do it all, especially with the number of players at the club in 2023.
